Fix breakage caused by external use of our internal API (#953)
logstash-plugins/logstash-output-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

** When Logstash provides a `pipeline.ecs_compatibility` setting, its value is used as the default
** Otherwise, the default value is `disabled`.

> Controls this plugin's compatibility with the {ecs-ref}[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controls this plugin's compatibility with the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ecs/current/index.html[Elastic Common Schema (ECS)],
```
